welcome everybody to my channel my name
is calab 44 and welcome to another
episode of the call of duty community
choice this time I'm going to be showing
you some world at war gameplay and just
before I get into that I'm going to
remind you guys for the next community
choice it's going to be a choice between
black ops 2 and modern warfare 3 a 2 of
the newer call of duties in the
franchise so go ahead you guys know what
to do just vote in the comments below on
which game you want to see next so let's
now talk about some world at war and I
know this game holds a lot of great
memories and you so called call of duty
veterans on the wii but believe it or
not I didn't even actually get this
particular game at midnight release I
think this game came out of 2008 I
actually got this game just this year I
bought it on amazon it was used it was
only five bucks it was a great deal and
the reason that kind of motivated me to
do so is because I've just been doing a
lot of thinking I've just realized that
I've been such a call of duty a big call
duty fan over the past couple of years
in that I actually owned all the call of
duty's pretty much all the modern call
of duty's from cod4 and onward even
modern work for two on the pc this was
the game that was kind of only the
missing link in my so called ecology to
collection I was like you know what this
game came out a long time ago this game
was like appreciated by a lot of we fans
because it was so Monty Minister the day
I was like you know what let's kind of
take a trip back into the past and see
what this game is all about and that
motivated me to buy this game online
used for the we almost bought it for the
pc but remember i was like you know what
I'm more of a Nintendo call of duty fan
I've actually owned all of my call of
duties on the wii I think it's more
appropriate to pick it up for the wii
and that's what I did so when I got this
game I played it I played the single
player the single player was actually
pretty pretty not so decent it's like
barely okay most of the other call of
duty's have a much better campaign in my
opinion than world at war but most
people want to talk about online play
but online play was like a complete
surprise because going from black ops 2
like a feature-rich game on the wii u
going all the way back in time to World
that war on the Wii it's almost like a
nightmare it's so amazing that this game
is so bare bones and
terms of a call duty experience online
it's a big deal back in the day because
this is the first call of duty you can
play online and play against other
people but just let me just stress this
enough this game is so bare bones a lot
of the things are missing in this game a
lot of the details as well for example
the gameplay is only for v4 so the game
takes a lot longer to play because
there's less people to kill there's only
like four game types it's only free for
all team deathmatch and hardcore
variations there's no a domination war
capture the flag all those other Kane
types are completely gone Search and
Destroy so it's like pretty much really
playing one game type every time you
play the game not every map is in the
game and of course there's lag shooting
that's even worse as well it's hard to
hit people and there's no challenges so
this game takes a long time to level out
I think I put like 20 plus hours just
getting max level in this game and its
really kind of annoying too and it gets
kind of repetitive just to try to do the
same thing over and over so much so that
developers actually decided to put
constant double XP in this games just to
help you level up faster if there was no
content double XP I probably would have
stopped playing this game a long time
ago and it would have probably took me
like 40 hours of game time just to get
through one prestige yikes I can't even
imagine that the patients that people
have to get to max prestige in this game
but I've seen a lot of max procedures
and I guess people played this game to
death literally to death back in the day
so that's pretty much like describing
how bare-bones this game was back in the
day in terms of the actual gameplay it's
pretty good it's pretty decent there's
some of the problems in the game that
actually occurred just from the wii
because of the wii's limited hardware
and there's other problems in the game
in my opinion that just come from the
nature of the game itself so when I
talked about the limitations of the wii
hardware i'm saying the gameplay it kind
of gets a it's lacking a little bit
because of the online hit detection of
course you have the lag student in this
game and sometimes it's a complete crap
shoot you don't know who's going to kill
somebody else sometimes you get lucky
sometimes other people get lucky and
every time you die because you missed
your lag shot or last shooting it does
really get annoying and it might piss
you off a little bit so that's really
annoying and even because the nature of
the game is World War two rights are
using a lot of older weapons a big
majority of the games weapons are either
semi-automatic or bolt action like
the bolt-action rifles and using those
those guns and sniping in this game
especially when you're not host is
absolutely a nightmare I can't even KITT
I didn't get a decent gameplay if I'm
not the host trying to snipe in this
game just because you know it's it's
hard to lack shoot one shot in that bolt
action shot of that sniper shot it's so
hard to kill somebody with those weapons
and lag shooting that people in this
game prefer to use the automatic weapons
as I do especially when I'm playing this
game so that's like one aspect of the
game that's really annoying also too
because it's only four before again the
gameplay is really slow the game gets
dragged out and a good majority of the
time you're actually going to be playing
throughout the whole ten minutes and not
even meet the kill cap of 750 kills or
75 kills or anything like that so the
games get really really dragged out in
terms of the actual like gameplay in and
of itself like the balancing and all
that stuff it's a pretty it's a pretty
good game like I would love to play this
game on the xbox or on the pc if there
was good hit detection because i think
the weapons are pretty nice to use and
pretty fair you know I mean there's a
lot of great variety of weapons that
being said though the major caveat I
know everybody's gonna you know note
that I'm gonna be saying this right now
it's just that mp40 is so rampant I've
never seen a gun in Call of Duty let me
just tell you this I've never seen a gun
that's so widely used I bet you like
every game i've played there's at least
one person using the mp40 it's rampant
and when you put on extended mags you
get to shoot like 10 full seconds of
just full-out spray it's crazy I've
never seen a call duty game where the
the concentration of people using just
one weapon is so vast you know I've
never seen in any other call of duty
game it's just the mp40 I just see it
all the time so that being said that's
kind of like annoying for all you know
everybody to always use the mp40 mp40
with juggernaut it's such a new
combination but that being said you know
if you took out the mp40 and maybe even
rifle grenades to this game in my
opinion is really balanced and it's
really unique because it offers a wide
variety of weapons especially with the
bolt-action rifles something that you've
never really see any more in Call of
Duty you might say like the ballista is
like the only bolt-action with iron
sights that you could play in black ops
2 in a modern call of duty but that sort
of characteristic is only really present
in world
or so that's pretty much it that's a
little bit of insight into the gameplay
is this my favorite call of duty you
know not really it's it's it's kind of
like an okay call of duty in my opinion
but it was still fun nonetheless to kind
of have a blast to the path to see what
this game was all about it's still a
revolutionary game in the weeds library
like I said because a lot of people
played this game online it was the first
call of duty to have online play and
that was a really big significant part
that's the main reason why people like
me can do this on youtube talk about my
gameplays just for the simple fact that
I can play with other people around the
world so that's permeate that's my
experience world at war I hope you guys
enjoy it and keep on voting peace